It is a world of darkness…

The corruption the Ventrue has spread to the point of intolerance. They have been running the city of Detroit into the dirt, and its time someone did something about it. The local Nosferatu of the city plan a brutal sweep up of power.

The story starts with the murder of the princes’ newly created “daughter.” The girl, Sarah James, was hanging around Johnny Baker, a local werewolf, with whom she had a passionate relation. The night of her murder he was hanging with her, when a man dropped in and suddenly Johnny started acting crazy, and yelling things about cheating and then flew into a death rage, and he slaughtered the poor freshly turned vampire. The neighbor girl, Angela Parker, heard the ruckus and freaked out, alerting the werewolf to her presence. It began to rip at the walls, and in a panic she ran out, shut the door to her room, grabbed a kitchen knife and hid. Eventually the rampaging werewolf lost its drive, and rushed out of the building in to the night. She slowly opened the door to see a man, it startled her and she immediately drove her knife into his chest, killing him outright. From there she curled into a ball and cried until she passed out. Upon awakening and realizing what she had done, she realized she needed to run.

Fill in the gaps:
1.	Sarah was created despite the direct advisement of the primogen. The Ventrue prince lusted for her. And while she respected him, the feelings were not reciprocated. She had fallen for the rebel without a cause, Johnny Baker. He had hoped bringing her into the supernatural world would draw them closer, and she had hoped that going into the supernatural world would bring Johnny closer.
2.	The man at the door was the Nosferatu priscus, Jürgen Fritz, an ambitious little creep of a guy who has large ownership of the cities utilities (garbage, sewer, etc). He used his Nightmare ability to give Johnny impressions of his worst fears of the time. His plan is to trigger a war with the local Uratha, as they have now openly attacked a retainer of the Prince. During the war, he has other plans to claim the throne.
3.	The man who was stabbed is a retainer of the Nosferatu who was sent to “clean up” the witness, if the werewolf didn’t do it already. He doesn’t live here, but lives nearby. He is an awkward garbage man who lives alone, but has a few kids somewhere. He has the boils and pox marks of a Nosferatu ghoul.

End of Chapter One

Chapter Two

The Chapter starts out with an assassination attempt on Angela. It seems as though the girl is being watched carefully. The hit man is a city sweep operator (also a retainer of Jürgen and is a gruff, somewhat psychotic man. He will try an obscure way of murdering her, one that will please him at the time. He will make two attempts before being taken off the job.
